x ) Get compilation on Lin/Mac/Win working.
x ) Get portion of sprite sheet rendering on screen.
x ) Fix sprite animations.
x ) Add bounds checking to keep the player from walking off the screen.
x ) Draw background.
x ) Add scrolling of perspective as player moves.
x ) Generate background map from tileset.
x ) Improve map rendering so that player position can be tied to tile in X/Y space.
x ) Only reload `map_layout.txt` if file timestamp is newer.
x ) Improve collision detection.
x ) Hot load tile attributes.
x ) Add music.
x ) Get scrolling working (again).
x ) Detect collision on ticks instead of on input.

) Map editor!
    x ) Find out why empty columns are not being outlined.
    x ) Draw grid on current screen that shows each tile separated.
    x ) Show number of all tiles.
    x ) Allow mouse to place a tile.
    x ) Allow mouse to clear a tile.
    x ) Fix mouse positioning.
    x ) Display library or reference map.
    x ) Display map library at 0, 0 point on current window.
    x ) Investigate seg fault after placing a few tiles.
    x ) Improve font outline for tile labels.
    x ) Improve border color/thickness, if not showing actual width.
    x ) Allow a new row to be added to (and existing rows).
    x ) Investigate tile display corruption starting at row 26 for tiles that are greater than 9.
    x ) Bulk add tiles (this kind of already works on empty rows, but it is filled with weirdness).
    x ) Cannot bulk fill tiles on newlines ... cannot create newlines?
    x ) Investigate random segfaults at bounds of map.

    ) Add a way to delete tiles.
    ) Implement undo/redo functionality.

x ) Add fullscreen support.
x ) Lock file writing in the map editor, so we don't get race conditions if the user clicks too quickly.

) Improve scrolling, it doesn't move at the right pace (build out a larger map to demo the issue).
) Allow the frame rate to be capped.
) Expand the map.
) Decide whether to look around all tiles for collisions or to expand border attributes for tiles.
) Add ball.
) Add NPC.
) Add dynamic window sizing.


----------------------------------------------------------

Maybes:
) (Map editor) Draw border to match tile attributes?
